Fix: broken links in README (#1563)
spacecloud-io/space-cloud: README.md

> <p align="center"><a href="https://www.spaceuptech.com"><img src="https://space-cloud.io/images/kit/logo_full.svg" alt="Space Cloud"></a></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p align="center"><a href="https://space-cloud.io"><img src="https://space-cloud.io/images/kit/logo_full.svg" alt="Space Cloud"></a></p>
```

    <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img
    alt="Apache License"
    src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"></a>
    <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=spacecloudio"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow-spacecloudio-blue.svg?style=flat&logo=twitter"></a>
</p>

> Space Cloud is a Kubernetes based serverless platform that provides **instant, realtime APIs on any database**, with [event triggers](https://docs.spaceuptech.com/microservices/eventing) and unified APIs for your [custom business logic](https://docs.spaceuptech.com/microservices/graphql).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Space Cloud is a Kubernetes based serverless platform that provides **instant, realtime APIs on any database**, with [event triggers](https://docs.space-cloud.io/microservices/eventing) and unified APIs for your [custom business logic](https://docs.space-cloud.io/microservices/graphql).
```
